last night I took the hoop before ride
ready for road trip hey come on highway
sittin sidewayz feel the focus come on
the brow hagas be in my rearview ish
keep itself forward from this weird no
distance the tops looking closer as I
breathe deep stressed pimp winning my
new go into my gps and venture down over
the speed limit blind where my heart
used to be a got a nice box feeling
depressed and i'll be missing it down
but you gotta go through hell before
you're chillin the club got Mike and
ignition son's feeding this world and
it's like that we live in nobody's
peaceful and curtain I'm trying to speak
to my girl the job bro me ain't no
traffic ever when you're rolling
smoothly if they really say I went but
they will not control this movie if you
make this rough slippery I'm ready I'm
ago she yeah this
and I am certain tougher work at each
what kids like is turning and I got a
photo together
I
tell away
No
accelerate
nobody get in in with my day minute call
we no brakes on the highway hey
everything is feeling right alive even
though I got my license to drive I pay
my head into this hole and I'm a clash
through it and over pants any man who
says I can't do it her look you know the
trouble is I first by and I never
claimed street I clean worldwide when
I'm in danger I just still feel hyper
cuz i'm pushing negativity with
windshield i love my life so much for me
to stand by living the fast life speed
and pest
took the whole thief all ready for boat
trip hey I'm on highway sittin sideways
feeling focus I gotta get
tell him are you
Oh